Update page in Manage your environments and gateways “environment_agent_resources” (#1814)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/central/env_gw_mgmt/environment_agent_resources.md

Sample: CENTRAL_AGENTNAME=my-discovery-agent-name

> Once the Discovery Agent starts correctly, you should see the agent status (AMPLIFY Central / Topology) change to `Running`. For the environment status, you should see the it change from `Manual Sync` to `Connected` if there are no other agents linked to that environment. The environment status is calculated from the aggregate status of all agents linked to that environment. If all the agents in the environment are `Running`, the environment status will be `Connected`. If all the agents are `Stopped`, the environment status will be `Disconnected`. If one or more agents are `Failed`, and the agent cannot reach the Gateway, the environment status will be `Connection Error`. If one or more agents are `Stopped` and the other agents are `Running`, **or** one or more agents are `Running` and the other agents have never been started, the environment status will be `Partially Connected`. Finally, if there are no reported agent status resource values, **or** one or more agents are `Stopped` and one or more agents have never been started (no agent status), then the environment status will be `Manual Sync`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Discovery Agent successfully starts, the agent status (AMPLIFY Central / Topology) will change to `Running`. If there are no other agents linked to that environment, then the environment status will change from `Manual Sync` to `Connected`. 
{{% alert title="Note" %}}
The environment status is calculated from the aggregate status of all agents linked to that environment: 
* If all the agents in the environment are `Running`, the environment status will be `Connected`. 
* If all the agents are `Stopped`, the environment status will be `Disconnected`. 
* If one or more agents are `Failed` and the agent cannot reach the Gateway, then the environment status will be `Connection Error`. 
* If one or more agents are `Stopped` and the other agents are `Running`, **or** one or more agents are `Running` and the other agents have never been started, then the environment status will be `Partially Connected`. 
* If there are no reported agent status resource values, **or** one or more agents are `Stopped` and one or more agents have never been started (no agent status), then the environment status will be `Manual Sync`.
{{% /alert %}}
```
